one of the ways to identify SWAT strengths, weapon of strengths, weaknesses,
opportunities, threats for your team, in this case, strengths.
Weaknesses is to want understand the duties and responsibilities so
well, Come on. I understand. What is this man? A woman charged with
then two is going to stand a watch. Well, if this person is responsible
for the boiled water, feed, water chemistry off the evaporator
tze and or the water feed water chemistry to provide the Allroad distillers
and the person has no clue has been to school, that's probably
a good idea that this team member isn't accountable. It doesn't
know what to do. But it's your team. You're in charge, so that's what
it comes down to. You need Thio. Look, look at the strengths, weaknesses
T messes and make sure talking with petty officers or your division
officers felt there's monsters. This is how a 10 to have my team
stand, watch and then go and stand the watch with them and evaluate.
Are they